refactor:tests: field management scenario tests (#3200)
GoogleCloudPlatform/k8s-config-connector: tests/e2e/testdata/scenarios/fields/management/README.md

This test folder contains scenarios for setting and unsetting a field.

> Unsetting a native field (int, bool, string) refers to setting that field to the

Reviewer: This is always a confusing concept for users. And while I understand our functionality, I could understand what this sentence means exactly. It'll be hard to summarize this functionality, so could you add more details when explaining it? E.g.

```
Unsetting a native field (int, bool, string) in the underlying GCP resource that a Config Connector resource manages can be achieved by setting the corresponding field in the Config Connector resource to its 0 value. This means setting an int field to `0`, a bool field to `false`,  a string field to `""` (and etc).
```

(I kinda want to avoid mentioning Go in case it confuses people more.)

> Unsetting a native field (int, bool, string) refers to setting that field to the
> 0 value in Go.

Author: ```suggestion
Unsetting a native field (int, bool, string) in the underlying GCP resource that a Config Connector resource manages can be achieved by setting the corresponding field in the Config Connector resource to its 0 value. This means setting an int field to `0`, a bool field to `false`,  a string field to `""` (and etc).
```
